Update http-traces-source.md (#1474)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md

## Send a test trace to Sumo

> Now, that you have created an HTTP Traces Source you can send tracing data to it. Set up a collector and instrument your application with OpenTelemetry as described [here](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/) or test it quickly with [OpenTelemetry demo application](https://github.com/SumoLogic/opentelemetry-demo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've created an HTTP Traces Source, you can send tracing data to it. Set up a collector and instrument your application with OpenTelemetry as described [here](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing) or test it quickly with our [OpenTelemetry demo application](https://github.com/SumoLogic/opentelemetry-demo).
```
